Hamo Gharibian: The support you receive from fellow franchisees from the network from the headquarter
Hamo Gharibian: is definite plus for any franchisee, new franchisee that wants to get into this business.
Greg Gagnon: There is a lot of good energy and theres a lot of good people that want to help build it.
Naresh Bhatt: I feel the franchise, franchisor support system is excellent.
Jim George: the backend systems, the training, the technology
Naresh Bhatt: The operations, marketing, sales, support, technical support its pretty awesome actually.
Matthew Wood: with them providing you hands on experience in stores for two weeks
Greg Gagnon: There are so many phenomenal tools to leverage and use and they're all right at your fingertips.
Naresh Bhatt: I having worked in a very large retailers I knew the support system
Naresh Bhatt: they give to their stores verses what we receive as a franchisee.
Laura Griffin: we've got great support from corporate, our corporate office,
Laura Griffin: we've got great support from area franchisees and area franchisee support staff.
Hamo Gharibian: You're not on your own by yourself. Your you know there's, there are people
Hamo Gharibian: who work for you and support you to get to your goal. Get to your destination.
Sandy Scandrett: there is always someone I can go to to get and answer.
Jim George: That’s one of the reasons it’s successful.
Sandy Scandrett: luckily I have not had a lot of problems but when I have there's there's someone there who,
Sandy Scandrett: who can help me. You know they have a lot of resources for, for the store owners.
Laura Griffin: but more than that we have a community of other franchisees that we can get information from,
Laura Griffin: get help from ahm, learn new things ah, it's like a family.
Jim George: I think my favorite part of being part of The UPS Store network is the camraderie with other,
Jim George: with other franchisees. It’s a great group of people, all have businesses, that, that they run,
Jim George: that they operate so there is a business acumen that’s there,
Jim George: but there is also a relational element that everybody loves to help everybody else.
: